that location was the expert that someone is
As you can see, we got here in
fifth black and one of the party partners
gemma and tin beauty bark
and then you cgd rep but always very much
known as rule so that the galley
I like you, whats up?
so when I had the opportunity to
start playing here on the fifth black
had several of jesus monk on the scene
metal and what I highlight the rocket is
switched on
was very automatic natural too
I played rep
same thing with the guys but it was
Why is he with the galley come?
more
and that, and I ended up with this weight
So the king is cool, he's got a new one.
project is the top music account for
people that a lot of people are not aware of
then this fifth black ops release
of my shopping music project that
eutrope type is one more thing
updated funk out pains
mixed with the sick smacks west
which is an electronic battery rolan
that is to look at giving very dirty is
connected fast in the trap season
is linked to the ampa a very dirty song
very heavy
remembers some of the steppe also mixes
also the stable dollar
I threw it out today and gave it to
thank god it was very good
mostly coming back with with the back
of the farmhouse black
the head of gelatin who has touched
several cities in Brazil, and several
Northeast travel has already opened several shows
in the galera mass of rap is also that
it was these experiences
then in relation to the northeast
I felt at home reef type at
Northeast capital then what I
were with smaller places more
each time rap is expanding more
the guys are accepting more because
northeast is very forró braga these
things are not sony then periphery in
Northeast is braga ó it is beginning there the
rap the guys are starting to reap
better then northeast or speak Swiss
deat are two places which is another
Another world, you know, you can not
compare with reef
there business happens here we are
hardworking
we make people love the
stuff no right wrist to my bag
People would make their pulse because the pulse
still pulses
of this style of sound is to grow more docile
play has some preference
Thanks, I've always really liked pain.
to those who are a rap style of their
United States is heavier and such
lately I've identified a lot
with trip music because it mixes odors
out a little too with the steppe each
even electronic music DJs are
producing trepp to mix one with the
another and I like him very much
I listen to them at home and so off
I listen to a lot of Brazilian national rap.
whole lot like the guys are
evolving much of the greatest value
to quote a national rap
the boy is a national rap po is 3030
clandestine clandestine settlement without sieve
The green finger creates a lot of people.
much will the guys to strain the pot has kone
people who speak badly but double
doors tell the guys they still wrist theirs
2013 plans then 2013 starting the year
How is my project going to launch the site?
I'm going to start producing tires that I'm
I really want to do it, I'm going
continue recording the production
and we're going to do it for love in the
northeast we do for love table
now wants to enjoy gelatin think where
on net email address you want
meet gelatin on facebook you
Do you think rafa mulatinha has passed but to stay?
arrive and talk nothing works better than
professional and that's it
so the pulse pulsating in the scene